Add some initial content about creating logical plans (#7952)
apache/arrow-datafusion: docs/source/library-user-guide/building-logical-plans.md

# Building Logical Plans

A logical plan is a structured representation of a database query that describes the high-level operations and
transformations needed to retrieve data from a database or data source. It abstracts away specific implementation
details and focuses on the logical flow of the query, including operations like filtering, sorting, and joining tables.

> This logical plan serves as an intermediate step before generating an optimized physical execution plan.

Reviewer: It might make sense to point them at the architecture guide here for more detail: https://docs.rs/datafusion/latest/datafusion/index.html#query-planning-and-execution-overview

## Building Logical Plans Manually

DataFusion's [LogicalPlan] is an enum containing variants representing all the supported operators, and also
contains an `Extension` variant that allows projects building on DataFusion to add custom logical operators.

It is possible to create logical plans by directly creating instances of the [LogicalPlan] enum as follows, but is is
much easier to use the [LogicalPlanBuilder], which is described in the next section.

Here is an example of building a logical plan directly:

<!-- source for this example is in datafusion_docs::library_logical_plan::plan_1 -->

```rust
// create a logical table source
let schema = Schema::new(vec![
    Field::new("id", DataType::Int32, true),
    Field::new("name", DataType::Utf8, true),
]);
let table_source = LogicalTableSource::new(SchemaRef::new(schema));

// create a TableScan plan
let projection = None; // optional projection
let filters = vec![]; // optional filters to push down
let fetch = None; // optional LIMIT
let table_scan = LogicalPlan::TableScan(TableScan::try_new(
    "person",
    Arc::new(table_source),
    projection,
    filters,
    fetch,
)?);

> // create a Filter plan that wraps the TableScan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// create a Filter plan that evaluates `id > 500` that wraps the TableScan
```

let filter_expr = col("id").gt(lit(500));
let plan = LogicalPlan::Filter(Filter::try_new(filter_expr, Arc::new(table_scan))?);

> // print the plan

Reviewer: If you are going to automatically run the tests, you might consider using something like the following:
```
assert_eq!(plan.display_indent_schema().to_string(), 
"
Filter: person.id > Int32(500) [id:Int32;N, name:Utf8;N]
  TableScan: person [id:Int32;N, name:Utf8;N]
")
```

Author: I'll address this one in a future PR once I have the initial automation in place - I need to implement some code so that I have more control over which code from the test makes it into the docs

println!("{}", plan.display_indent_schema());
```

This example produces the following plan:

```
Filter: person.id > Int32(500) [id:Int32;N, name:Utf8;N]
  TableScan: person [id:Int32;N, name:Utf8;N]
```

## Building Logical Plans with LogicalPlanBuilder

> DataFusion logical plans are typically created using the [LogicalPlanBuilder] struct. The following associated functions can be

Reviewer: It might be a good place to also mention that `DataFrame` is a slightly higher API that uses `LogicalPlanBuilder` under the covers

used to create a new builder:

- `empty` - create an empty plan with no fields
- `values` - create a plan from a set of literal values
- `scan` - create a plan representing a table scan
- `scan_with_filters` - create a plan representing a table scan with filters

Once the builder is created, transformation methods can be called to declare that further operations should be
performed on the plan. Note that all we are doing at this stage is building up the logical plan structure. No query
execution will be performed.

Here are some examples of transformation methods, but for a full list, refer to the [LogicalPlanBuilder] API documentation.

- `filter`
- `limit`
- `sort`
- `distinct`
- `join`

> The following example demonstrates building a simple query consisting of a table scan followed by a filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates building the same simple query plan as the previous example,  with a table scan followed by a filter.
```

<!-- source for this example is in datafusion_docs::library_logical_plan::plan_builder_1 -->

```rust
// create a logical table source
let schema = Schema::new(vec![
    Field::new("id", DataType::Int32, true),
    Field::new("name", DataType::Utf8, true),
]);
let table_source = LogicalTableSource::new(SchemaRef::new(schema));

// optional projection
let projection = None;

// create a LogicalPlanBuilder for a table scan
let builder = LogicalPlanBuilder::scan("person", Arc::new(table_source), projection)?;

// perform a filter operation and build the plan
let plan = builder
    .filter(col("id").gt(lit(500)))? // WHERE id > 500
    .build()?;

// print the plan
println!("{}", plan.display_indent_schema());
```

This example produces the following plan:

```
Filter: person.id > Int32(500) [id:Int32;N, name:Utf8;N]
  TableScan: person [id:Int32;N, name:Utf8;N]
```

## Table Sources

The previous example used a [LogicalTableSource], which is used for tests and documentation in DataFusion, and is also
suitable if you are using DataFusion to build logical plans but do not use DataFusion's physical plan. However, if you

> want to use a [TableSource] that can be executed in DataFusion then you will need to use [DefaultTableSource], which is a

Reviewer: This rationale for being able to use planner without physical plan feels like it might be more discoverable as a doc comment in  https://docs.rs/datafusion/latest/datafusion/datasource/default_table_source/struct.DefaultTableSource.html (it 
 

Perhaps this text could just explain LogicalTableSource and link to those docs
